hi friends recently in our android
insider hands hit the flagship from
lenovo smartphone company which
quite different from
the rest of the modern mobile market
it's about I would say the smartphone is still
lenovo k900 let's first look at
box its contents smartphone i
I want to get a little support from there
intrigue boxing itself looks very cool in
black and red stylish
such a huge proud font flaunts
model name of the manufacturer and
intel is not hard to guess at the base
what process is this machine excavated
open the box we see absolutely
standard but not bad complicated set here
the violinist here is neatly placed
documentation headphones which is pretty
good wire design and sound
micro usb and headphone adapter by the way
there are additional rubber tips on
some forums say that
Included are branded liners
who just throw here, they even
drawn and here we have a little gags
it is not clear why go to
smartphone and immediately express my first
wow he's thin only 6 and 9 millimeters
the thickness is light at 162 grams and
quite unusual big and even
I want to call him brutal probably
this is because the angles are absolutely straight and
not rounded back on top
plastic panel is a camera
with dual flash and bottom speaker
by the way these plastic inserts
look like natural metal for it
designer plus between them an inset of
quality stainless steel with
logo lenovo and intel microusb bottom
support from playing the microphone and jack for
headphones on the left side of the rocker
volume on the right slot for micro sim and
off button buttons are pressed and
feels quite normal with that
no problem a bit about the front
there is a front camera for 2
megapixels and a bit unusual for
android user touch buttons
long-click menu navigation
which opens the running processes
home screen back button and
back button
go to the screen there is k900 ipies
screen with a resolution of 1920 by 1080 pixels
a diagonal of 55 inches and he ag
I just like comparing for example
405 pixel density symbol
the screens didn’t really like him
quite colorful but under
certain angles distorts a little
colors and brightness sorry for the tautology
not the brightest now and guts for
processing of processes is responsible intel atom
z 2580 is a dual-core processor from
intel companies
k900 is the first application of this
chipset on a mobile device usually
put on netbooks and tablets under
running windows
its frequency is 2 gigahertz and this
enough to pull up modern
toys with good performance
his energy consumption is low but
Alas, not enough to show
Excellent result in battery saving
batteries let's see our standard set
benchmarks and games
let's start with the d-flip all smoothly and smoothly
almost like clockwork drove into
asphalt 8 slows down
play a little awkward epic citadel
goes at 33 frames per second on ultra
settings
what is worthy and the antutu gave a good one
score 19990 8 points interface
some places podlagivaet but rather
all this because of a bit of a flaw
by the will of nova launcher
operating system by the way android 4 2
1 in the shell there are some very
useful settings mode in your pocket
which increases the volume when you
remove the phone the possibility of waking up
smartphones volume buttons lock
shaking the phone and waking up
after double tapping the screen function
work steadily and this plus we turn
to the camera there is nothing special though
she and 13 megapixels she shoots
slightly worse than competitors noisy and
smeared but there are lots of different
settings and filters
your instagram will be just happy
video can record full hd
that's just a sample clip shot
cloudy weather the battery is installed
into two and a half thousand milliamps
hours this is barely enough for
days to actively use it according to our
test full hd video he showed 5
hours has not yet issued a plaintive squeak
which signaled a low battery
and disconnected it is time to conclude
its price category is close to budget
now lenovo k900 can be found for the price
from 16 and a half thousand rubles and it's like
once niche for him
smartphone is different from the rest of its
design subtlety and weight but here in
performance he's a bit
loses and yes warms up significantly
despite the large size k900 is all
the same phone and in our opinion it does not play
on one field of samsung galaxy but since
the second is still a good idea to use as
notebook device appreciated
people with big hands will appreciate
forgive me, Nikolai Sergeevich and
looking for male stiffness in design and
hardness on it all with you was a egor not
forget to like the video and
subscribe to our channel not to
miss interesting mobile news